[docs] Mention Toolpad in Example projects doc (#44391)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/getting-started/example-projects/example-projects.md

Once you've chosen your preferred scaffold above, you could move on to our collection of [free templates](/material-ui/getting-started/templates/) and install a readymade user interface to get started even faster.

:::info

> If you want to build internal tools and dashboards fast, but don't want to start building from scratch. You may want to check out the Toolpad Core [template](/material-ui/getting-started/templates/#toolpad-core-beta).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build internal tools and dashboards quickly, but don't want to start from scratch, check out the [Toolpad Core template](/material-ui/getting-started/templates/#toolpad-core-beta).
```
